expose glances via caddy community container and add secret (#8531)
nextcloud/all-in-one: community-containers/glances/readme.md

### Notes
- After adding and starting the container, you can directly visit http://ip.address.of.server:61208/ and access your new Glances instance!

> - if you are using caddy community container, this will be available at https://glances.your-server.com, For security reasons, a random password will be generated and shown in AIO configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if you are using caddy community container, this will be available at https://glances.your-server.com, For security reasons, a password will be generated and shown in the AIO interface (if you click on showing the secret for glances)
```

> - if you are using caddy community container, this will be available at https://glances.your-server.com, For security reasons, a password will be generated and shown in the AIO interface (if you click on showing the secret for glances)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if you are using caddy community container, this will be available at `https://glances.your-server.com`, For security reasons, a password will be generated and shown in the AIO interface (if you click on showing the secret for glances)
```

> - if you are using caddy community container, this will be available at `https://glances.your-server.com`, For security reasons, a password will be generated and shown in the AIO interface (if you click on showing the secret for glances)

Reviewer: pleese also mention here that the user `glances` shall be used for log in
